Add templates for GitHub Issues (#4113)
canonical/cloud-init: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: Bug
about: Submit a bug report

> labels: bug, new

Author: We can either automatically add `new` (or similar) label to each new issue reported and then remove it as part of triage, or we can have all new issues have no label at all and the triager adds one.

I don't have strong opinions, but went with adding `new` here to everything.

Reviewer: As someone with a terrible memory, I much prefer the idea of issues being auto-labelled and having that visual trigger to remove them (if necessary), rather than them being blank and having to remember to add one -- +1 from me

Reviewer 2: +1 on more labels and redacting them manually as we triage.

---

<!--
Thanks for taking the time to improve cloud-init!

Please include the following in your bug report:

1. Your cloud provider
2. Any appropriate cloud-init configuration you can provide us
3. cloud-init logs:
  Run `sudo cloud-init collect-logs`. Add `--include-userdata` if

>   there is no sensitive information in your userdata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  there is no sensitive information in your user data.
```

Include a minimal, reproducible example (<https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example>), if possible.
-->

> # Bug report

Reviewer 2: Since we have a construct of what we want in the bug report, let's prompt that in our visible template (not just comments) Maybe we can even omit the comments if the template content is good enough so people don't have to scroll past it and ignore it:
```
---
name: Bug
about: Submit a bug report
labels: bug, new
---

<!--
Thanks for taking the time to improve cloud-init!

Please include the following in your bug report with
a minimal, reproducible example (<https://stackoverflow.com/help/minimal-reproducible-example>), if possible.
-->

# Bug report

<!-- bug description explaining unmet expectation or use-case -->

## Steps to reproduce the problem
<!--Provide any applicable user-data, config, commandline or procedure to reproduce this problem -->

## Environment details
- Cloud-init version: 
- Operating System Distribution: 
- Cloud provider, platform or installer type: 

## cloud-init logs (or `sudo cloud-init collect-logs`)
<!--
Please provide either the applicable excerpt of /var/log/cloud-init.log representing the failure or attach cloud-init-logs.tar.gz obtained by sudo cloud-init collect-logs or sudo collect-logs --including-userdata
-->
```
